Improve and regroup agentless costs mentions (#27539)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/security/cloud_security_management/agentless_scanning/_index.md

## Cloud service provider cost

When using Agentless Scanning, there are additional cloud provider costs for running scanners and analyzing your cloud environments.

> Cloud provider costs are under $1 per scanned host per year for accounts following the [recommended configuration][13]. Reach out to your [Datadog Customer Success Manager][7] if you have more questions.

Reviewer: We usually don't talk about costs in the docs, and usually link to the pricing page. In this situation, can we just have customers reach out to CSM about costs? So something like:

```suggestion
Reach out to your [Datadog Customer Success Manager][7] if you have questions about Cloud provider costs for the [recommended configuration][13].
```

Author: Hi May!
So that's the point of this change: we have too many customer requests about this cost. 
It's unrelated to the Datadog pricing: that's only about how running this Datadog feature will increase your cloud provider bill.

> Cloud provider costs are under $1 per scanned host per year for accounts following the [recommended configuration][13]. Reach out to your [Datadog Customer Success Manager][7] if you have more questions.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Your cloud configuration affects your cloud provider costs. Typically, using the [recommended configuration][13], these are in the range of $1 USD per scanned host per year. You should consult your cloud provider's information for exact amounts, which are subject to change without Datadog's involvement.
```
